Azdevify chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator. (#2)
jongio/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator: README.md

    
    ![A screenshot of the chat app.](./media/chat-app.png)

> ## Running the sample using Azd template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the sample using the Azure Developer CLI (azd) template
```

The Azure Developer CLI (`azd`) is a developer-centric command-line interface (CLI) tool for creating Azure applications.

> You need to install it before running and deploying with Azure Developer CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to install it before running and deploying with the Azure Developer CLI.
```

### Windows

```powershell
powershell -ex AllSigned -c "Invoke-RestMethod 'https://aka.ms/install-azd.ps1' | Invoke-Expression"
```

### Linux/MacOS

```
curl -fsSL https://aka.ms/install-azd.sh | bash
```

> After logging in with the following command, you will be able to use the azd cli to quickly provision and deploy the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in with the following command, you will be able to use azd cli to quickly provision and deploy the application.
```

```
azd auth login
```

Then, execute the `azd init` command to initialize the environment.
```
azd init -t jongio/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator
```

> According to the prompt, enter an `env name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the prompt, enter an environment name.
```

Run `azd up` to provision all the resources to Azure and deploy the code to those resources.
```
azd up 
```

> According to the prompt, select `subscription` and `location`, these are the necessary parameters when you create resources. After that, choose a resource group created or create a new resource group. Wait a moment for the resource deployment to complete, click the Website endpoint and you will see the web app page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the prompt, select `subscription` and `location`, these are the necessary parameters when you create resources. After that, choose a resource group or create a new resource group. Wait a moment for the resource deployment to complete, click the Website endpoint and you will see the web app page.
```

You can also run the sample directly locally (See below).

> ## Development and run the accelerator locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Develop and run the accelerator locally
```

    
    ![A screenshot of the chat app.](./media/chat-app.png)

> ## Running the sample using the Azure Developer CLI (azd) template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running the sample using the Azure Developer CLI (azd)
```

The Azure Developer CLI (`azd`) is a developer-centric command-line interface (CLI) tool for creating Azure applications.

You need to install it before running and deploying with the Azure Developer CLI.

### Windows

```powershell
powershell -ex AllSigned -c "Invoke-RestMethod 'https://aka.ms/install-azd.ps1' | Invoke-Expression"
```

### Linux/MacOS

```
curl -fsSL https://aka.ms/install-azd.sh | bash
```

> After logging in with the following command, you will be able to use azd cli to quickly provision and deploy the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in with the following command, you will be able to use the `azd` cli to quickly provision and deploy the application.
```

```
azd auth login
```

> Then, execute the `azd init` command to initialize the environment.

Reviewer: Add a comment here.  You do not need to run this command if you already have the code or have opened this in a Codespace or DevContainer.

```

> azd init -t jongio/chat-with-your-data-solution-accelerator

Reviewer: Leaving a comment here to remove `jongio` from this command

```

> According to the prompt, enter an environment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter an environment name.
```

Run `azd up` to provision all the resources to Azure and deploy the code to those resources.
```
azd up 
```

> According to the prompt, select `subscription` and `location`, these are the necessary parameters when you create resources. After that, choose a resource group or create a new resource group. Wait a moment for the resource deployment to complete, click the Website endpoint and you will see the web app page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your desired `subscription` and `location`. Then choose a resource group or create a new resource group. Wait a moment for the resource deployment to complete, click the Website endpoint and you will see the web app page.
```
